hey it's your girl read a and I know
I've kind of been on a hiatus but I'm
back and I am ready to tell you about
snow products that I'm really enjoying
so and all I've ever mentioned this
before i think i have but i have adult
acne and so it's very important for me
to have really good facial regiment to
try and keep everything under control so
i've got an opportunity to try a new
product called simple and it's basically
very simple it it has--it's a slight
fragrance but it's for sensitive skin
and it has pro-vitamin b5 in there helps
restore soften and smooth it's not so so
it's not drying and there's no perfume
no ties no harsh irritants that can
upset your skin so I've been using this
total refreshing facial wash gel and I
like it a lot it's very like coming you
know like you put cucumbers on your eyes
to cool them sometimes but for me when I
wash my face with this that's what it
feels like it feels like almost like us
like cool refreshing sort of cucumber
mask it's not it's a it's a facial wash
but I really like it but I didn't stop
with just trying this facial wash i also
like because i wear makeup daily i like
to make sure that i clean my face really
thoroughly at least once a week so i
decided to try out the smoothing facial
scrub now this one also has you know
this has two vital vitamins a skin
loving exfoliator no perfumer dies and
the thing is this particular facial
scrub is so light that i could if i want
it to do do it i could use this daily
because it really isn't harsh at all
it's not like hard scrubbing like full
of a lot of scrub it's just enough to
make it feel as if
I'm taking you know the layers off that
accumulated over a week or so I'm
generally we use this about twice a week
and because I wear my makeup I wanted to
try the eye makeup remover although
these soaps over he will not soak but
these cleansers will actually remove my
makeup sometimes I want to get in there
specifically around my eye with a cotton
ball and I found in the past that many
of the eye makeup removers that I've
used have actually irritated my eyes but
this one I mean no problem whatsoever to
feels like just putting water on their
cleaning it off but it works really
really well so I like that I makeup
remover by simple and then finally
because I travel so much I got these
sensitive skin cleansing facial wipes
because when I am going on you know
flying and I have to deal with TSA and
I'm pregnant carry on I'm not going to
be able to bring a 5-foot outs but I can
bring my facial wipes and these work
extraordinarily well and again the one
thing I like about these is that I can
also use them on my eyes so I really
like this product especially for women
like me who are on the go so my overall
impression of the simple line is that if
you have sensitive skin this is the line
that you probably really will want to
try because it works really well there's
no irritants no harsh chemicals it's
just a really nice way to get your skin
in tip-top shape and I thoroughly enjoy
using it so this is going to be a staple
in my facial care regime so it's your
girl Renee signing out I'll be back soon
I promise